GETEX, GETDEL and SET PXAT/EXAT Documentation (#1501)
redis/redis-doc: commands/getdel.md

Get the value of `key` and delete the key. Return values are similar as `GET`.

@return

@bulk-string-reply: the value of `key`, or `nil` when `key` does not exist.

@examples

```cli
SET mykey "Hello"

> GETDEL mykey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GETDEL mykey
GET mykey
```

> Get the value of `key` and delete the key. Return values are similar as `GET`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the value of `key` and delete the key.
This command is identical to `GET`, except for the fact that it also deletes the key.
```
